[Music]
everyone is singing cook my name is
Cheryl and you're watching me cook a
very famous dish you know in India what
we do is go out to dine especially on
the highways now only highways you'll
find excellent Abbas now these are kind
of rustic restaurants roadside eateries
but they're very very famous you know
some of them are legends actually
everybody remembers going there and
dining and I I remember a few of them
one of them is near Bombay you know in
Lonavala sometimes when I go to Punjab I
see this very famous dhaba on the Ambala
road towards Chandigarh and I'm sure it
will remind you of the chicken curry
that you've eaten there and that's what
I'm trying to do now the highway chicken
curry that's what I'm cooking okay for
highway chicken curry what you require
is quickly some onions which I am going
to cut now if you are cooking around 800
grams of chicken on the bone essentially
on the bone only okay otherwise no fun
take at least four onions and I'll slice
them in the meanwhile what do you need
to do your vessel cooking vessel on the
flame oil here required is little more
than usual now high weight chicken
curries are generally high fragrant
dishes little spicier that's what
they're famous for that's why we like
them and garam masala the blend and the
whole garam masala is little hike so
what I'm doing is cinnamon here black
cardamom four to five of them when you
put black cardamom important open them
up okay otherwise what's going to happen
if they burst there's a chance of you
you know getting hurt so very important
four or five of them small cardamom six
eight of them nice fragrance okay cumin
1 teaspoon some cloves in here and
before this thing burn I need to slice
the onions
Wow
managed to cook fast and human is nice
and brown moment you smell the fragrance
of the spices you add this sliced onion
four of them is what I have sliced for
approximately 800 grams of chicken on
board that's very very important saute
the onions very rustic curry the
quantity of tomatoes added is also quite
high in this and one more thing I must
tell you the quantity of ginger and
green chilli is also high when you eat
them you must get that slurry thing
anyhow you must hear that this is what
you need to hear that that's what we all
like when we go out dining especially
the chicken curry yeah take tomatoes 3
large tomatoes and I am going to cut
them chop them actually I've got chicken
already in here now I must tell you the
highway guys you know some of them use
Desi Ghee or saturated fat I've got some
here you want to add it you can add it
what's going to happen is it's going to
increase the taste so if it's a matter
of taste let me add 1 tablespoon of this
just one table too so that brings out
the great flavor oil also a WoW suddenly
the profile changes you know the smell
of this change is absolutely divine
now let this get round tomatoes to be
chopped or watchful eye in here stir
this up as the onion start browning up
what you need to do next is be prepared
with the ginger and garlic paste very
important so here the quantity of ginger
is more than the garlic that's what I do
hence the pastes are separate but you
have a choice you can use definitely
ginger garlic paste together and later
you can add the ginger Julianne's that
I'm garage here ginger paste 1 and 1/2
tbsp garlic paste
one tablespoon saute for about a minute
treat every ingredient with respect yeah
the way you would do to your family
members this is the family member off
the chicken curry the hybrid chicken
curry so let this saute the smell should
go off and then the tomatoes that go in
some people do add the tomatoes later
after the chicken because they think the
quantity I mean the time taken to cook
the chicken is increased yes because of
the acidity it does happen but I want
the tomatoes who get pulpy and mushy you
know so that the gravy becomes smooth if
you have the chicken first and then the
tomatoes the tomatoes will not get
bulkier and you might not get a smooth
gravy so after you add tomatoes you need
to cook for at least four five minutes
so that the whole mixture gets Messier
and smoother and then the next thing to
let this get cook first for at least
four five minutes now as the tomatoes
are getting pulp here yet see the
getting pulp here which makes the gravy
smoother what I'm going to do is this
will keep cooking and in the meanwhile
I'll slice some ginger and cut some
Julianne's of this so take about half an
inch piece of ginger and cut Julianne's
of the same
some green chilies three of them now
this is the spicier one so you need to
be careful three of them if you don't
like it spicy you can't avoid it but
what you need to do is slit it from the
middle all this goes in to this mixture
ginger julienne screen chilies absolute
rustic yeah
now next I'm going to add some red
chilli powder one and a half teaspoon if
you get the colored variety the Kashmiri
variety is very good one and a half
tablespoon of coriander powder 1/2
teaspoon of cumin powder and 1/4
teaspoon of the turmeric garam masala 1
TSP of this okay and this you need to
add while you're cooking
okay that's important and then you need
to add salt singalong jump dance to
whatever you want to do do number Shama
this is what you can do okay there you
go
suddenly the chicken curry starts
looking good now the masala especially
cook this further for 3-4 minutes after
you add the dry spices now if this
chicken was not farm fed like what
probably I remember during my childhood
days it would never be farm for chicken
like what we call broiler chicken this
would have been cooked before the
tomatoes were added because the local
chicken that they see chicken as we
Indians call doesn't get cooked easily
okay so as you cook the ginger garlic
and the onions then you need to add the
chicken with its little tough part the
taste I tell you is amazing this one you
can take a risk of adding later when all
the spices have been added everything
has been added then you add the chicken
is absolutely fine because this doesn't
take too much time to cook so what I'm
going to do is after 3-4 minutes of
cooking the entire thing with the dry
spices and the salt everything together
see the color is absolutely beautiful
the chicken goes in keep cooking without
the water in this let the chicken get
cooked with the spices tomatoes and
onion I'm not going to add any kind of
water at this point of time let this get
cooked maybe cover this up yes
cover this up and let it get cooked
we'll keep stirring in between in the
meanwhile one very important thing
loads of coriander is also added to this
dish
so about 2-3 tbsp chopped coriander if
you want to measure the quantity in
tablespoons probably three tablespoons
of chopped coriander gives a nice flavor
to the dish this is something which is
very very fragrant
coriander in India used probably almost
in everything some dishes we added
before while we are cooking actually in
some we would add as a carnation on top
nowadays yes all chefs prefer you know
adding a sprig of it but in a dish like
this which is rustic I would certainly
add this point of time only gives a nice
flavor
coriander came here and at this point of
time first give a stir after cooking
about 5 minutes in the dry spices I'll
add some water so in goes the water
about 500ml of water is what you will
add to the chicken and now cover this up
and cook the highway curries are
generally thin so water you can keep
adjusting I have added 500ml of water
first the chicken will also whose out
water and let this get cooked for at
least six to eight minutes nicely in the
spices and then little more of garam
masala in the last before we finish the
dish after about 15 minutes you know
what you need to see is Wow
look at this now the whole gravy looks
delicious very important to note that
the chicken should be cold now how would
you come to know one important thing is
to note that especially take the leg
piece as it keeps shrinking and the
entire flesh gets pulled up then you
know the chicken is almost cooked you
start seeing the bone down here this is
what you see and
you come to know that's when the chicken
is cooked so now this is ready if you
think it is not ready when you are
cooking probably the chicken would be
bigger so you can cook further you no
more than 15 minutes
finally some more garam masala increase
the fragrance I added initially also and
now once again chicken is ready so
called a beautiful polio very rustic you
seem very rustic absolutely divine the
curry is thin it's never thick the
onions are usually like this
what you see here and it's spicy I am
just garnishing it with fresh coriander
you can straightaway take some bread
take some buns get some steamed rice if
you really want to enjoy get some
steamed rice and then eat it
remember the highways days this is or it
is
[Music]